Open the given link.

The web app will ask you for camera permission, allow it in order to run the app. The website may take few seconds to load machine learning model.

Note that : YOUR DATA IS NOT SENT TO THE WEB. YOUR DATA STAYS TO YOUR MACHINE LOCALLY, INTO YOUR BROWSER'S CASH MEMORY.

You can see the call duration and correct posture duration at the top. Both will remain 0:00 if you have not made a call.

Below that you can see your video.

Beside your video, you can see your last call's information. This information is saved at your browser's cash memory.

Below that you can see two buttons. Those are for training the machine learning model.

Sit in a correct posture for example upright straight, press the correct posture button 15-20 times, move your face while pressing the button.

After pressing for 5-6 times the background will becomde green, but continue pressing button 15-20 times for better result.

Now sit in wrong posture for example forward lean, press the wrong posture button 15-20 times like you pressed correct posture button.

If background is green, that means you are in correct posture and if background is red, then you are in wrong posture.

Below that on account info, enter your name and id of the person you want to call.

This id is unique for everyone and it changes everytime. Copy your id from COPY YOUR ID button, and send it to other person whom you want to call.

That person needs to paste id into ID to call blank and press the call button in order to call you.

You can see the call coming with that person's name(name entered by that person) below the call button.

Accept the call, you can talk with that person with much clear audio and video quality.

During the call you can see call duration and correct posture duration at the top.

To hang up the call, press the HANG UP button.

After hangging up the call, you will be directed to other page showing your posture result.

If your posture score is above 60 the card will be green otherwise red.

Now return to the website, it will show that call's information beside your real time video.

You can share this link to anyone you want to communicate.
